[Docs] add info about hardcoded translations (#13472)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/cookbook/promotions/custom-catalog-promotion-scope.rst

    This overriding will be suspect of change, so there won't be need for declaring ``default.html.twig`` template anymore.

Translations
------------

> Translation keys for catalog promotion scope are hardcoded to ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.scope.type`` where ``type`` is one of available catalog promotion scopes:
> 
> - for_products
> - for_taxons
> - for_variants

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Translations for catalog promotion scopes are hardcoded with such keys ``sylius.form.catalog_promotion.scope.type``;
where ``type`` is one of the available catalog promotion actions: ``for_taxons``, ``for_products`` or ``for_variants``.
```
